New stuff's at the top.  This list isn't necessarily comprehensive.

3.02h:
 o Show full target path in Drag/Drop dialogs
 o Add debug support to troubleshoot invisible FAT32 drive
 o Correct archiver.bb2 editing

3.02g:
 o Update removable drive support to work for USB MSD

3.02f:
 o Add large drive support the dirsize applet startup screen
 o Avoid spurious filldir errors for large drives
   Will still get get math errors for >4GB directories

3.02e:
 o More see all files fixes
 o Correct internal viewer WM_VSCROLL logic (amouse)

3.02d:
 o Clean up icon usage
 o Add missing refresh after compare subdir toggle
 o Try to avoid playing non-MM files when use MMOS2 enabled
 o Rework directory sizes for large drives
 o Correct Show All Files requests from Tree View context menu
 o Correct resource strings

3.02c:
 o Correct broken assignments
 o Force Compare Directories window refresh on subdir toggle

3.02b:
 o Add JFS and FAT32 support

3.02a:
 o Replace corrupted remote.ico.
 o Correct archive name display

3.02:
 o First open source release.

3.01:
 o Added another archiver date type for user Jans-Peter Otto.

3.00d:
 o FM/2 Lite remembers if a directory pane was maximized when it
   closed now (duh -- should have all along, I just forgot).

3.00c:
 o More minor bug fixes.

3.00b:
 o Fix two minor bugs reported by users.

3.00:
 o Most of the text in FM/2 is now accessible from outside the source
   code files, meaning translations to other languages should now be
   possible without much problem.  A resource translation kit is offered
   free-of-charge to registered users.  This required some additional
   files (FM3RES.DLL and FM3RES.STR), but FM3DLL.DLL becomes (at least)
   correspondingly smaller.
 o Jazzed up Autoview a bit.
 o Removed a bug that sneaked in during code optimization detected by
   a user where archive members couldn't be dragged.  Then optimized
   some more, thus tempting fate.
 o Improved FM/2's internal window selection from menus.
 o The status button in Directory Containers that shows the selected
   number of files and bytes now displays a select menu when clicked.
 o Drive buttons will now show free space on drives as bubble help
   except for CD-ROM drives, diskette drives A: and B:, and drives
   marked as "slow" in the drive flags dialog.  I also made the buttons
   a little bigger, and they'll "stack" if required due to insufficient
   width.
 o Removed System Information applet from FM/2 -- OS/2 seems to have
   this stuff built-in now.
 o Moved MakeArc into the FM/2 Utilities package.
 o You can now add selected environment variables that list directories
   (like PATH, LIBPATH and DPATH) to the Drive Tree with a toggle in
   the internal Settings notebook on the Tree page.  Cool.
 o You can now set a default Target directory for menu and accelerator
   key copy and move operations, and choose to confirm (and perhaps
   change) that directory on each operation, or accept it without
   confirmation.
 o FM/2 will now make program object Parameters suggestions the first
   time it's run (no FM3.INI exists) if you should exclude any drives,
   and will even set the Parameters for you if you like.
 o Yet more tweaking that no one will ever notice...

2.67:
 o Jazzed up the mini-command line a bit.
 o Command lines for the Execute dialog and mini-command line are now
   saved separately (the former in CMDLINES.DAT, the latter in
   CMDMINI.DAT, same format).  You can save, or not, either type for
   recall.

2.66:
 o Increased duration of error window to 5 seconds from 3 (click it to
   make it vanish early), changed background color to white and text
   color to dark red, surrounded with red rectangle to make it stand out
   more.  Also gave it a distinctive sound.  (This is the error window
   you get if you do something like try to open the diskette drive when
   there's no diskette inserted.)
 o Killed bug reported by Paulo Mario where FM/2 could crash (suddenly
   exit) after moving a file and overwriting an existing file.
 o Reworked Databar a bit.
 o For the adventurous among you, try holding Shift or Ctrl while
   clicking that second status window in a Directory Container...

2.65:
 o You can drag an object onto the Drive tree's Open button now, and
   a Directory Container for that object will be opened.
 o Long-overdue code cleanup begins...
 o Fixed bug in FM/2 Lite where it was sorta paying attention to the
   "bottom buttons" setting in FM/2 when it should ignore it.
 o Played with FM/2's default settings for new users -- some of the
   best stuff was turned off by default!
 o Changed the behavior of the Rename dialog somewhat per user
   suggestion.  "Overwrite if target older or same," "Overwrite if
   target newer" and "Don't ask again" checkboxes now allow you to
   selectively skip being asked about naming conflicts for the rest of
   an operation.  Note that clicking the "Okay" button honors these
   choices, but the "Overwrite" button overrides them for that one file
   (an overwrite _will_ be performed).

2.64:
 o Made Window->Tile a cascade menu with Tile as the default, but you
   can also set Autotile and Tile backwards toggles (renamed Tile
   horizontal) there.
 o More help file work.
 o Tweaking of a few things no one will ever notice, except perhaps
   as a feeling of more smoothness in a few places.
 o Added "Leave all attrs" button to Attributes dialog to make
   "touching" files easier.

2.63:
 o Fixed bug in UNDEL.EXE pointed out by a user.
 o Added "Double-click" topic to Tutorial section of help.  Did you know
   that you can make FM/2 do something different when you double-click
   an object?  Other miscellaneous work on the help file.
 o Moved "Create shadows" command under "Copy" cascade in menus where no
   separate "Create objects" cascade is available and a "Copy" cascade
   is available.
 o Made the way menus appear on new View and Sort buttons more
   attractive (IMHO).
 o Bubble help won't appear if the window isn't active now (oversight).
 o To make it easier to parse the saved output from a Directory sizes
   window, directory names containing spaces are now surrounded by quote
   marks.
 o Related:  Put SEEHELP.EXE into FM2UTILS.ZIP for those who have
   versions of OS/2 with VIEW.EXEs that won't read .HLP files directly.
   You can read the FM/2 help file directly using this program on such
   systems:  "SEEHELP FM3.HLP".

2.62:
 o Added /SAVE and /NOSAVE to mini-command line options for a user.

2.61:
 o Added new buttons to Directory Container, Archive Containers and the
   Collector that allow you to set sort, filter and view.  Removed
   filter button from bottom of screen (no longer needed).  Revised
   window layouts help to show modified layouts.
 o More newuser-friendly junk (more bubble help, etc.).
 o Added Find first/next to INI viewer.  Listbox command will work in
   is bordered in red.
 o Just a BTW -- there's a new IMAGE.EXE (the FM/2 image viewer utility)
   in FM2UTILS.ZIP, available free-of-charge at
   http://www.bmtmicro.com/catalog/fm2
   I put some stuff in it that I needed for making pictures for the help
   files.

2.60:
 o Fast internal viewer can start configured editor from menu (Ctrl + e
   accelerator) per user request.  Remember, to edit files in an
   archive, you must still use Files->Refresh to cause selected files to
   be refreshed in the archive.
 o Added a bit more bubble help (remember, you can turn bubble help on
   and off (somewhat selectively) in the internal Settings notebook).

2.59:
 o Rename dialog will now specifically tell you if the source file is
   newer, older or same date as target and smaller, larger or same size
   if there's a conflict with an existing target file, per user request.

2.58:
 o Added ability to create a new directory and switch to it in the
   common directories user list (select <New directory>).  Revised
   help to reflect this.
 o Holding down Shift while selecting a state name will prevent FM/2
   from closing windows already open now (per user request).  An
   automatic retile of all windows is then performed.

2.57:
 o Added ability to sort by subject per user request (wouldn't it be
   nice if Netscape put where we got downloaded files from in an EA?  Or
   let you drag a file over it without locking up the system?).

2.56:
 o Added ability to use exclusion masks in the Seek and Scan dialog
   per Harry Travis' request.  Also added Append checkbox.

2.55:
 o Fixed bug reported by Ralph Alvy -- "Append" checkbox being ignored
   in Save to listfile dialog, FM/2 always appended to listfile.

2.54:
 o Small tweaks.
 o I don't do Compuserve anymore.  Reach me via the net, or just go to
   FM/2's web page at http://www.bmtmicro.com/catalog/fm2

2.53:
 o Added Commands user dropdown list for picking commands to run on
   selected files more quickly and easily.
 o Removed "#" character from AV/2 temporary directory -- WebEx and
   Netscape were choking on it (a).
 o Allow disabling FM/2's custom file dialog so you can use MSE's
   instead, if you like (the toggle's on the General page).  (What's
   MSE?  Look at http://www.bmtmicro.com/catalog/mse) (a).
 o Added support for PKZIP 2.50 (b).

2.52:
 o When the FM/2 main window is resized and a Directory Container is
   maximized within it, it will remain maximized.
 o Modified AV/2 and ARCHIVER.BB2 so that RAR v2's woefully NIH
   listings can be read.  Would it just _kill_ you archiver authors to
   get together and come up with some sort of easily parsed listing
   standard, then stick to it?  Please?
 o FM/2 will now show the current decryption keyword for extra programs
   like DBFVIEW and FMT from the About box.

2.51:
 o Tweaked image viewer initial sizing algorithm to better handle very
   small bitmaps at more nearly correct perspectives.
 o Added "No folder menu" toggle to internal Settings notebook by
   user request.
 o Put floppy letters back into drives userlist dropdown due to
   user request.
 o Made image viewer a separate executable due to a memory leak in
   OS/2's MMPM/2 (mmio) under Merlin beta and some Warp 3 fixpack
   configurations -- closing the application frees the memory, but
   nothing else will, so a small, fast, separate application "fixes" the
   problem (or, if you prefer, "OS/2 bug").  Like FM2PLAY.EXE, this
   IMAGE.EXE file will now be in the FM/2 Utilities package (FM2UTL.ZIP
   on CI$ or FM2UTILS.ZIP on the internet).  You'll probably want to
   remove any old IMAGE.CMD file built by previous FM/2 installs.
 o Added ability to view and manipulate files in archives containing
   spaces in the filename for archivers that provide information in a
   particular way (see ARCHIVER.BB2 -- ZIP and LZH archives are set up
   this way).  Other folks who use ARCHIVER.BB2 should take a look at
   the updated documentation to see how to take advantage of this, but
   it's backward-compatible, so old versions of those programs will
   still work correctly with this change.
 o Removed SEEHELP.EXE -- Warp has the ability to view help files using
   VIEW.EXE which comes with the OS.
 o Added "WPS Move" and "WPS Copy" commands.
 o I no longer accept registrations via direct mail.  Registrations are
   available through BMT Micro or CIS' SWREG only (BMT recommended --
   see REGISTER.TXT).  I just got too much snail mail and couldn't keep
   up with all of it.

2.50b:
 o Added ability to convert an image file to another format from the
   image viewer window.
 o All supported multimedia types are now "played" automatically on
   double-click unless you have an FM/2 Association set for them.

2.50a:
 o Added "Run Viewer as child session" toggle -- if used, any open
   viewers will close when FM/2 closes.
 o Added "Env" button to Seek and scan dialog (for searching through
   directories listed in environment variables).
 o Added "No sort" option to Collector sorting.
 o FM/2 will now offer to remove old registration when started after
   registration has expired, making it easy to enter updated
   registration information.
 o Directory Containers can now be switched into Tree View.  See also
   new "Stay in Tree View" toggle.
 o B2 on Directory Container Folder buttons pulls up an abbreviated
   popup menu.
 o Bugfix:  The Autoview window wouldn't let you enter Comments on an
   object that didn't already have them (duh).
 o FM/2 now taps into MMPM/2 to display image files, instead of GBM.  To
   activate FM/2's "internal" image file viewing, be sure to remove any
   Associations for MMPM/2-supported image file types (JPG, TIF, BMP,
   PCX, GIF, etc.) using FM/2's Config->Edit Associations command.

2.50:
 o Added a horizontal scrollbar to Global files viewer.
 o Added line wrap (and thus horizontal scrollbar) to fast internal
   viewer.
 o Added WWW and FTP component launching to internal viewers per
   user request.  BTW, testpm.exe from the FM/2 Utilities is handy for
   deciphering the arguments to FTPPM.EXE, which are a bit bizaare and
   undocumented.  Just rename FTPPM.EXE to FTPPM.BAK, copy TESTPM.EXE
   to FTPPM.EXE in the same directory, open the FTP object's Settings
   notebook, then open the FTP object's program and compare the
   results.
 o Added optional blue/yellow LEDs which can be used in place of the
   default red/green thread LED bitmaps.
 o Added a toggle to make the databar boring for those who can't stand
   too much excitement (I have users who are easily worn out :-).  Also
   added file system type to end of string on user request.
 o Execute dialog will try to remind you why you called it up in case
   you fall asleep after double-clicking the mouse and awake confused.
   It could happen.
 o Couple of more small workarounds for Merlin beta bugs.
 o Changed the way the toolbar displays help to eliminate capturing
   the mouse (kludge, OS/2 should have a WM_MOUSELEAVING message).
 o Added mini-toolbar to fast internal viewer.
 o Note new internet address.
 o Price reduction for commercial registrations.
 o SET environment variable DOS_SHELL in CONFIG.SYS if you want to use
   an alternate command processor in DOS sessions (for example,
   SET DOS_SHELL=C:\4DOS\4DOS.EXE).
 o Remap command now uses NET USE, enhancements (like it works, for
   one :-).
 o Added Miscellaneous->Detach (Ctrl + H) command to Drive Tree drive
   popup to detach local drives from remote resources.
 o Updated FM2PLAY.EXE (in FM2UTL.ZIP on CIS, FM2UTILS.ZIP elsewhere),
   including more controls and ability to load list of files from a
   listfile.  FM/2 will use this listfile method when playing more
   multimedia files than will fit on a command line using the
   View->Multimedia (Ctrl + l) command.  OS/2 command lines are
   limited to about 1000 characters, if you're interested.
 o Lots of other little tweaks and improvements -- some you might
   even notice.

2.49:
 o More cosmetic tweaking -- for example, changing status line or bottom
   button text font will now result in resizing of control to match new
   font.  BTW, if you set ugly fonts or colors and want the defaults
   back, one way to do it completely is to delete the window position
   entry in OS2.INI and start from scratch...
 o Work around for nasty bug in Merlin beta Voice Manager.
 o Remap drives command added -- untested at this time, as I have no
   LAN.  If you try it and it doesn't work, please report the error
   code displayed.  If it works, let me know that, too.
 o Fixed bug in Merge code.
 o Added mini-toolbars to Archive Containers and the Collector (visible
   only if you have the toolbar in FM/2 turned on, of course).
 o A couple of other little things folks asked for -- I forget.

2.48a:
 o Lots of cosmetic stuff (for example, check out the Databar).
 o Additional help, partitioned Context menu help into smaller "chunks."
 o Added Find button to Archive dialog.
 o More Merlin preparations.
 o Added UserDirs dropdown to standard OS/2 file dialogs used by FM/2.
 o Added Duplicates command to Global file viewer.
 o More (subtle) tweaking of Seek and Scan dialog.
 o Anybody else notice how the competition is trying (in vain) to
   copy FM/2, but having a great deal of trouble keeping up with
   the Joneses?  :-)

2.48:
 o Ideal size button logic adjusted so it will work as might be expected
   with Merlin's new Warpcenter.
 o Logic for sizing of titlebar buttons adjusted so they look better
   under Merlin.
 o Fixed bug in EA editor's MLE control -- an apparent change in the way
   Warp handles the MLM_QUERYFORMATTEXTLENGTH with an overlong length
   parameter has changed, resulting in the MLE not being cleared properly.
 o Autoviewing file comments (.COMMENTS EA) now displays the comments in
   an MLE rather than static text control, allowing editing.  Moving the
   focus from the MLE after making a change saves the new EA.  Note:  if
   a .COMMENTS EA is damaged, FM/2 won't let you edit it in this window
   for safety (maybe some strange program wanted it that way).  You can
   fix it in the EA viewer (Ctrl + Shift + E) if you know it's an anomoly.
   Use the Ctrl + Tab accelerator key to switch focus to the Autoview
   MLE if you're keyboarding.  FM/2 supports .COMMENTS EAs up to 32767
   characters in length.  Each line of the MLE (newline, not wrap)
   creates a separate EAT_ASCII value, in case you care and know what
   the heck I'm talking about...  BTW, GCP downloads automatically fill
   in the .COMMENTS and .SUBJECT EAs for you if so configured, though
   it seems to save the .COMMENTS EA in a weird (different from the
   WPS) format -- but it's readable.
 o You can use command line switch -<ininame> to start FM/2 with a
   different INI file (i.e. "FM3.EXE -C:\MYINI.INI").  This means
   that different users can set up FM/2 to taste and use separate
   FM/2 objects to start their "version" of the program on the same
   machine.
 o FM/2 will try to remind you why the Walk directories dialog was
   invoked, per forgetful, worn-out user request.  :-)
 o Keys help added per user request.

2.47:
 o Added "View->As archive" context menu option per user request.
 o Added maximize/restore button to "FM/2 Lite" Directory Containers.
 o Added Autoview window to "FM/2 Lite."
 o Added "View archive" button to Archive List Error window.
 o Fixed bug -- Ctrl + F7 not bringing up context menu with Sort
   submenu selected.
 o Jazzed up direct renaming of files and directories.
 o Jazzed up Seek and Scan dialog per user request.
 o AV/2 will now accept wildcarded filenames and view the first matching
   file in whatever manner seems most appropriate.
 o Delete key deletes files, Ctrl + Delete is permanent delete, Shift +
   Delete is save to clipboard, Ctrl + Insert is make directory, Ctrl +
   Pageup is parent directory, Ctrl + Pagedown is previous directory,
   Ctrl + Home is root directory.  Obviously, not all these keystrokes
   are meaningful in all windows (for instance, parent directory doesn't
   do anything in the Collector).  These new shortcut keys are in
   addition to existing accelerators.  Applicable windows (see previous
   caveat): Directory Containers, Drive Tree, Archive Containers,
   Collector, Global files windows.  Per user request.  These are not
   "real" accelerator keys as they tend to bleed through and mess with
   normal interactions (even these bleed through here and there, but
   it's benign), but hopefully you'll never notice the difference.
 o In "FM/2 Lite," you can direct-edit the title of a Directory
   Container to change directories.
 o Install now accepts /UNATTENDED argument to run without asking any
   questions.

2.46:
 o Fixed drive button bug.
 o Added "FM/2 Lite" (or whatever you want to call it), a new
   "personality" for FM/2 intended for those who can't deal with
   the real thing.

2.45:
 o When selecting or deselecting by mask, you can specify a text string
   to be used.  First the file is tested against the mask(s), then
   tested to see if it contains the text (if any is specified).
 o Fixed bug -- context menus quit working after a Directory Container
   was closed.
 o Added Makearc module, mainly for access from NTree.
 o Fixed bug -- "case sensitive" flag was being reversed for Seek and
   Scan.

2.44:
 o "Thread busy" LED added per user request.
 o Toolbar buttons now allow you to use different bitmaps of your own
   design.  Notes:  using user-defined bitmaps in the toolbar can slow
   loading of FM/2 slightly, but probably not noticably unless you
   replace all of them.  Request a context menu on a toolbar button and
   pick "Edit button" to get the dialog where you tell FM/2 to use a
   user-defined bitmap.
 o External Archive Containers, Collector, VTree and VDirs now have
   their own pulldown menu for Files and Views (the shadow menus) and
   Help for easy keyboard access and/or novice users.
 o Command lines executed through the command line dialog are remembered
   for possible later retrieval.
 o Directory sizes dialog reworked (prettier, sizeable).  DIRSIZE.EXE
   program provided for accessing this function directly (object placed
   in FM/2 Tools subfolder by INSTALL.CMD).

2.43:
 o Added optional drivebar per user request.
 o Added Lock and Unlock commands for removable drives.
 o Added UUDecode command and Merge command (yep, got another internet
   connection, finally).
 o When presented with a list of objects in a dialog (as in the Edit EAs
   or Attributes dialogs), double-clicking a file object will bring up
   the configured viewer with the file loaded.  This is just a quick
   view purely for convenience; no attempt is made to view the file as
   an archive or check Associations.  You can double-click it in the
   Directory Container if you need to go that far.
 o Added "Thread notes" window -- if you don't like it, minimize it and
   it should stay that way.  When a thread does something that takes
   awhile, like copying a file, it tells you when it starts and when
   it finishes.
 o Under Warp, FM/2 will now query the active desktop in a documented
   manner when asked to create objects.  There is no reliable method
   under older OS/2 versions.
 o Improved FM/2's built-in printing somewhat.  Still not as good as
   printing from the appropriate application, of course.
 o Confirmation lists will now display a bitmap representing the command
   to be executed on the dialog, where applicable, as a quick visual
   reminder.
 o When switching a Directory Container to the parent, FM/2 will
   make the vacated directory's object the current object.

2.42:
 o More threading in strategic spots to make response when moving around
   really slow drives (like ZIP and EZ drives) snappier.  The drivers
   for these drives need a bit more work, developers -- think "cache,"
   especially for things like providing the label and usage info.  When
   it's slower than the floppy drives, some work needs to be done, eh?
 o Edit->Drive flags dialog now available from a drive (root dir) object
   in the Drive Tree -- lets you set flags you used to _have_ to set
   from the command line (and a couple of new ones).  You can still set
   flags from the command line as an override.
 o Files can be included in the Drive Tree display on a per-drive basis
   if you can actually think of a reason to do it (I can't, but someone
   asked).  If you do find a use for it, tell me what the heck it is.
 o See all files can be invoked on directory (folder) objects
   (Miscellaneous->Show all files) or the directory into which a
   Directory Container looks.
 o See all files window and Collector now have new "Move and preserve"
   and "Copy and preserve" commands to move or copy objects while
   preserving their directory relationship (see online help for
   examples).
 o Double-clicking on an empty part of the Drive Tree now invokes the
   Make Directory command.  Double-clicking on an empty part of a
   Directory Container opens its WPS folder.
 o Target of a drag and drop operation can be changed from the FM/2
   drag and drop dialog (if you're using the dialog, of course).
 o Improved directory comparison dialog (no, it's still no PMDirMatch
   and never will be, and yes, you can still tell FM/2 to use PMDirMatch
   instead of the internal).
 o Added Utilities->Compare directories command.
 o Sorting an Archive Container by date is now possible, at least for
   some archive types.  See ARCHIVER.BB2 for details.  You can also
   Alt-B1 click the titles of sortable fields in Archive Containers now
   to change the sort type (just like you can in a Directory Container).

2.41:
 o VTree now runs Directory Containers (VDirs) as part of its process,
   which should save on a little memory for those of you using FM/2 as
   as "super drives objects."  To take full advantage of this, the
   "Separate parameters" toggle should be checked.
 o External FM/2 windows can be closed from the PM Window List without
   closing the entire program (excepting the main window, of course).
 o Fixed bug:  last line of a hex view wasn't formatted very
   attractively.
 o Fixed bug:  quick config page didn't work right anymore.
 o Fixed bug:  VDir and AV/2 windows would show external FM/2 windows
   but not switch to them.
 o Window dialog now shows and acts on external FM/2 windows.
 o Checking "Separate parameters" toggle now saves all parameters
   under the new appname immediately when the Settings notebook
   is closed.  You'll want to be careful here -- think before choosing.
   BTW, a backup of your FM3.INI file, once you get it set up to your
   liking, is always a good idea.  Don't use FM3INI.BAK as the filename,
   since FM/2 automatically does a one-generation backup to that name.
 o Warp no longer allows a container item to be hidden by a thread other
   than the thread that controls the container if the item is selected
   (Why?  Who knows?  Why don't DrgQueryDraginfoPtrFromDragitem() and
   CN_DROPHELP work?). Since this forces single threaded hiding of
   objects, I must conclude this is a bug in OS/2.  However, since it's
   in "GA" OS/2 code, I reluctantly worked around it by making Hide
   objects single-threaded -- you'll have to wait for it to get done.
   Shouldn't be a major problem.
 o Added codepage 1004 to codepage dialog.  Someone asked, I didn't even
   know the blamed thing was there.
 o Added Ctrl + F10 and Ctrl + F11 accelerators to start/end a direct
   edit of a filename for the rodently challenged.
 o Added Next/Prev blank line menu items and buttons to new internal
   viewer (accelerators were there before).  In text where paragraphs
   are separated by blank lines, these go down or up to the next
   paragraph.  Something I use.
 o Added Recent Directories dropdown list to Walk Directories dialog,
   which separates the recently used directories from the user-defined
   directories in that dialog.  Just wanted to.
 o Added "DOS-think" and "Windoze-think" quick-config options to
   internal Settings notebook. If you use 'em they'll stunt your growth.
 o Fixed an obscure tile bug no one else seems to have noticed.
 o Changed Shift + F? accelerators to Ctrl + F? to avoid conflicting
   with a couple of OS/2-used keys.
 o Further tightened integration between VTree and its Directory
   Containers.
 o Made Tree (optionally) smart.
 o Reorganized internal Settings notebook for more "logical" grouping
   (some things grow with a life of their own).
 o Changed Install so that it puts many objects in a separate Toolbox
   folder (someone who's not even registered suggested it, and I decided
   to give it a try -- tell me what you think.  If upgrading, delete the
   old FM/2 folder before running Install again.).

2.40:
 o Added "All" button to Filter dialog.
 o Added more optional buttons to main window.
 o Added %u/%U metastrings.
 o Added hex/ASCII + drag-me window to bottom of new internal text
   viewer.
 o Added %! metastring.
 o Added default archiver setting.
 o PM uses several ALT + F? accelerators to control frame windows.
   However, this applies to the current frame window, which can be
   within the main FM/2 window when run monolithically.  Add Ctrl to
   these accelerators to affect the main window in that case.  I don't
   change the system menu text to reflect this as it may be in a foreign
   language, and I'm an ignorant, ugly one-language American.
 o Added "Separate parameters" toggle.
 o Added "Treetop on expand" toggle.
 o Windows pulldown now lists external FM/2 windows, as does a submenu
   on the container popup in VTree, VDir and AV/2 windows.
 o Fixed some minor bugs in Commands menu generation.
 o Fixed bug in Collector -- unshifted double-click didn't work on
   directories.
 o VDirs, external Archive Containers and Viewers now retain their last
   set window size -- position is still determined by the Shell (PM).
 o Lots of little tweaks no one but me will ever notice.

2.39:
 o Fixed weird bug -- apparently IBM changed the behavior of
   MLM_QUERYFORMATTEXTLENGTH in Warp.  This change may only take effect
   at FP10+ levels.
 o Added Open Directory Container button to Drive Tree titlebar -- only
   shows up when FM/2 is run as a monolithic app.
 o Added "Directory" attributes to Filter dialog per user request --
   lets you exclude directories from Directory Containers, or show only
   directories.  NOTE:  if you are upgrading, you may need to go into
   the Filter and turn on the Directory attribute -- it's on by default
   for new installations.  Use the internal Settings notebook to
   activate the Filter dialog (DirView and ColView pages) by setting the
   focus to the Filter: entryfield, so that the "general" filter is
   changed.
 o Help file improvements (a neverending saga).

2.38:
 o Walk Directories dialog will now display non-writeable drives unless
   the directory selection is for an action that requires writing to the
   selected directory (for example, copy or move, set extract directory,
   etc.).
 o Filtering in Drive Tree now available, per user request.  NOTE:
   filtering is performed _after_ expansion; therefore, it is possible
   for the Tree to "lie" to you until you expand a branch (i.e. indicate
   that other directories are available, but remove the "+/-" when you
   attempt to expand the branch.  If it's important for you to know what
   the entire tree of a drive looks like with filtering applied, use the
   Expand/Collapse->Expand command from the Files menu or a popup.  You
   can thereafter collapse and expand the tree as desired.  Tricks can
   be played with the filter mask; for instance, "/C:\OS2*;/C:\MMOS2*;
   /C:\TCPIP*;*" will exclude some system directories on drive C: and
   show everything else.
 o Got rid of the annoying (to me, anyway) extra refresh when the
   "Immediate Updates" toggle is not used (more cheating).
 o Windows will now be created with the WS_ANIMATE style if "Animate"
   toggle on internal Settings notebook's Windows page is checked.  Of
   course, system animation must still be turned on to see any effect.
 o Keyboard input of "standard" characters now performs a text search
   to find the closest matching file system object in the container.
   You can get the old (OS/2 default) behavior (move to nearest object
   starting with the pressed letter) by holding down the shift key.
 o When a background task that FM/2 is waiting on takes more than about
   two seconds to complete its job, FM/2 will switch it to the
   foreground.  This means that if an archive is encrypted (passworded),
   you'll get the oportunity to enter a password without having to
   resort to the Window List to manually bring the window to the
   foreground.

2.37:
 o Added "Autoview comments" notebook toggle (page 2) and Config menu
   items for same.  You can have FM/2 autoview file contents _or_
   .COMMENTS EAs -- handy for looking at files that were downloaded by
   a package that puts the file description in that EA.  You can also
   get to that EA on the third page of a WPS object's File page or via
   FM/2's Edit EAs dialog, BTW.
 o CTRL + Shift + B1 doubleclick opens an object's WPS Settings notebook.
 o You can now link-drag a root directory (drive) from the Drive Tree.
   For cryin' out loud, BE CAREFUL!
 o Credit card registrations via BMT Micro are now available.
 o Directory Containers can now have independent sorts if you DON'T use
   the "Immediate Updates" toggle.  When you set a sort (or filter) in
   the internal Settings notebook, you're setting a default for
   subsequently created Directory Containers.  When you set a sort (or
   filter) using the popup menu of a Directory Container, you're
   changing only that container.  States will now also save the type of
   view (Icon, Details, etc.), sort and filter settings for each open
   Directory Container.

2.36:
 o Added "Rename existing" button to Rename dialog -- allows you to
   rename (move) an existing target file system object out of the way
   before moving or copying another file system object to that name.
 o Fixed "obscure" bug (reporting user's words :-) causing FM/2 to
   enter a loop when "Views" cascade was selected from the action
   bar menu when an internal Archive Container was the current window.
 o Tutorial section added to online help.
 o When a bitmapped graphic file is viewed, the window is sized to fit
   on the screen even when the image is larger than the screen.
   Proportion is maintained for the initial window positioning.  You can
   stretch the size of the window.  The bitmap is scaled to fit. GBM is,
   of course, still required to directly view images in FM/2.
 o Changed toolbar button help to "bubble" style, added toggle to disable.
 o Added Directory Compare (DirCmp:) field to Files/Dirs page of internal
   Settings notebook.
 o Added %d and %D metastrings for Commands.
 o Percentages in Directory Sizes dialog more accurate (to nearest
   thousandth).
 o "Include subdirectories" toggle in Directory Compare dialog.
 o Fixed bug in 2.35a's INSTALL.CMD.  Can you say "duh?"  Apparently I can.
 o As usual, many little things no one will notice.

2.35:
 o Performance tuning.
 o Implemented "minor" user suggestions.
 o Added "Recent Dirs" toggle -- automatically adds temporary
   directories to UserList as you change directories.  You can make them
   permanent by Adding them as usual.
 o FM/2 may handle DOS archivers now (actually, it does -- I tested with
   ARJ); however, you'll have to set them up for yourself and I won't
   support them.  Don't forget that DOS archivers don't support EAs.
   AVOID WHENEVER POSSIBLE OR YOU'LL GET BURNED.
 o If you have GBM.DLL on your LIBPATH or in the FM/2 directory, FM/2
   will use it to display GBM-supported raster file types when they're
   double-clicked.  GBM currently supports most OS/2 and Windows
   bitmaps, .GIF, .PCX, .TIF, .TGA, .IFF, .VID, .PGM, .KPS, .IAX, .XBM,
   .SPR, and .PSE files.  And it's free.
 o Changed some icons around for a fresher look, added some for display
   when you aren't loading icons from disk (for scanning speed).
 o Added "Settings" button to Info dialog.

2.34:
 o Added "Tile backwards" toggle, but don't use it (it's a DOS-think
   knee-jerk thing to do).
 o Viewer won't "restore" the container that called it when it closes if
   the container is maximized.
 o Filtering speeded up when Autoview window is open.
 o Show a little patch of color beside color names in Colors dialogs.
 o Added "Folder after extract" toggle.
 o Added ^F3 close monolithic app toggle (command id 1111 if anyone's
   interested).
 o More commands in INI viewer (rename, copy appname/keyname) and
   enhanced existing Add/Edit INI record commands.
 o Changed method of storing a few things so that they're both easily
   human editable (for power users) and so they allow me to
   "preconfigure" some things (for new users).  If you're upgrading from
   previous versions, there's a CONVERT.EXE that'll copy your old
   settings to the appropriate format and get rid of old baggage.
 o Added "Userlist switches" toggle to internal Settings notebook.
 o Added "%r/%R" to metastrings.
 o Added "Extract" to drag and drop dialog.
 o Height of autoview window can be changed.
 o More info displayed in drive info dialog.
 o INSTALL is a bit smarter.
 o Added two new buttons on status line -- different behaviors depending on
   whether you click with B1 or B2 and the shift state.

2.33:
 o Added new internal viewer -- loads files at least five times faster
   than the old viewer (which is still available via a toggle in the
   internal Settings notebook).
 o See all files window retains settings, is a bit slicker.
 o Fixed bug -- rename box came up for each file moved/copied.
 o Fixed bug -- FM/2 didn't start right with toolbar turned off.  Weird.
 o Worked around Warp bug -- PM locks up if you select a codepage that
   hasn't been prepared.  This should be ignored as in previous versions
   of OS/2, but crashes the system instead (sheesh).
 o Warp apparently still has a 64k limit to what the clipboard can hold.
   While I could limit what you send to the clipboard, this is (hopefully)
   one of those limits which will vanish with further updates to OS/2
   itself, so I'll just caution you about it.
 o Colors are adjustable in See all files windows.
 o Several fonts are available in See all files windows (all fixed width).
 o See all files window allows entering multiple keys to find a file if
   the keys are entered within one second of each other.
 o System info command made somewhat more human-readable.

2.32:
 o See all files window fleshed out.
 o Added "Viewer outside," "Arcboxes outside," "INI viewer outside" and
   "Collector outside" toggles to Toggles2 page of internal Settings
   notebook.
 o Added "Save" button to Directory Sizes dialog
 o Sort type can now be changed in Details view by holding ALT and
   clicking the title of the field to sort on (assuming titles are
   turned on and the field is one for which sorting is available,
   of course).
 o Added toggle to allow user to select default delete type.
 o Added "toolbox" dropdown to user lists.
 o Added sample toolboxes to archive.
 o Info and EA dialogs now include listbox, lets you scroll through all
   objects instead of popping up for each selected object.  EAS.EXE
   mini-app inherits this; now accepts multiple filenames.
 o Check list dialogs now allow calling up the Info dialog for files in
   the list.

2.31:
 o Added "Minimize to databar" toggle, also accessible as a standalone
   miniapp.
 o Tree remembers directories, once expanded.
 o An individual drive may now be rescanned in the Drive Tree (related
   to the above).
 o More keyboard shortcuts for the rodently challenged.
 o Drag from recessed text fields in Directory and Archive Containers
   now possible (drags the directory or archive, respectively).
 o Default Commands command (Do it yourself) added.
 o Extract path can now be assigned "*" meaning "use directory in which
   the archive resides."
 o More menu compaction (well, you think of a term for it).
 o New "See all files" window (still under construction, but already
   much faster and very functional, without the standard listbox
   limitation of 32767 maximum items).  Loads, sorts and displays
   15,792 files from two local fixed drives in 18 seconds on my
   486/66DX2 with normal (for me, of course) background load.
 o Fixed buglet in Archive Container status display.
 o More user suggestions implemented.

2.30:
 o I forget.

2.29:
 o Added "Topic" entry field in Bookshelf Viewer dialog.
 o Added "Quick arc find" toggle in Settings notebook; can speed up
   drag and drop operations on floppy/network drives.
 o Worked around PM bug in custom frame controls.
 o Added "Directory Container state" saving and restoring in a dropdown
   list (turned on with "Toggle quicklists" under Config menu).
 o Fixed drag and drop bug (couldn't move, duh).  Smartened up drag and
   drop while I was at it; no sense offering options not really
   available due to media type (i.e. can't copy to a CD-ROM).
 o Added "Launch" button to drag and drop dialog.
 o Added quick-help for dropdown lists (in status box 2).
 o Added ability to drop onto userlist dropdown to add a directory.
   Also added popup maintenance menu (add and delete directories to/from
   list).

2.28:
 o Added optional user directory list dropdown box on main window
   (maintenance of the list is still performed in the Walk Directories
   dialog).
 o Added Drives submenu on Drive Tree's views context menu -- select a
   drive from it and the tree scrolls to show it and makes it the
   current object.
 o Restricted filename quoting in command lines to absolute essentials
   -- some programs are broken and choke on quoted filenames.  We
   absolutely cannot have LIST choking if it can be avoided.
 o Double-clicking a directory in the Drive Tree container will cause an
   existing Directory Container looking into that directory, if one
   exists, to come to the foreground rather than opening a new one; if
   the existing window is minimized, it'll be restored. Ditto for new
   userlist dropdown.
 o FM/2 can now launch Windows apps seamless -- maybe.  Sheesh, I'd
   use a DOS app first...

2.27:
 o Added "Move & rename" and "Copy & rename" commands per user request.
   This extends into the drag and drop dialog (said dialog is now on by
   default, BTW).
 o Many tiny tweaks that no one will ever notice (for instance,
   filenames containing "&" are now quoted on command lines where they
   weren't before).
 o Added EXAMPLE.CMD to archive as an example of how REXX scripts can
   manipulate files listed in listfiles created by FM/2.  This allows
   Commands to circumvent the apx. 1000 character limit of OS/2 command
   lines.
 o Made notification window look more homogenous.

2.26:
 o Fixed stupid new bug in moving files from HPFS->FAT with long
   filenames.
 o Fixed bug in RemoteBug fix that conflicted with another fix for
   remote FSD bugs.  I'm getting sick of working around remote FSD
   bugs -- think I'll just let the LAN folks fix _their_ stuff from
   now on...
 o Made titlebar of Drive Tree containers respond to request for context
   menu as if it were container whitespace per user request.
 o Added "Min on dir open" toggle -- a more elegant solution to a taste
   thing (IMHO) than a user requested feature.
 o Chord on status windows brings up window dialog like it does on
   client window whitespace.
 o Added "Append to clipboard" command to internal viewer/editor's
   Edit menu.
 o Moved "Write block" command out of Edit->Blocks submenu of internal
   viewer/editor to the main Edit submenu as "Copy to file" so it's
   accessible in readonly (viewing) mode while I was at it.
 o Added informational tweaking to viewer/editor's Edit->Undo menu
   command.
 o Added "Walk" button to Seek and scan dialog.
 o Added special FM/2 Association command line "<>" to indicate that the
   default WPS view should be opened for matching files.

2.25:
 o Added "Edit" and "Refresh" to Archive Containers per user request.
 o Added Drag and drop dialog and corresponding toggle per user request.

2.24:
 o Added "Remote bug" toggle since network FSD developers can't seem to
   consistently produce working DosFindFirst/Next code to save their
   lives.
 o Undelete enhancements.

2.23:
 o Enhancements to potential dupe finder per user requests and other
   stuff I thunk up all by my lonesome.
 o Placed "Seek and scan" on the Utility pulldown.  All it does is
   start the Collector and post it a WM_COMMAND message as though you'd
   clicked Seek and scan on its context menu.  Maybe even folks who
   don't read the help can find it now (who knows?).

2.22:
 o Additional detail and options are presented when FM/2 can't figure
   out how to list the contents of an archive (ARCHIVER.BB2
   misconfigured or archive bad) via new dialog.  This should make
   determining what the archive problem is much easier when the
   inevitable problem arises.
 o Added duplicate file finder to Seek-and-Scan dialog.  Finds files
   with same name and/or size and filedate.

2.21:
 o Shift and CTRL modifiers for double-clicking objects in Drive Tree,
   Directory Containers and Collector implemented.  Shift causes new
   FM/2 window to open (directories; direct to View for files), CTRL
   causes default WPS open.
 o More stuff in the help file (sheesh -- this has gotta stop).  The
   online help should now make a rather complete manual when printed
   together with the READ.ME file (see READ.ME for suggestions).
 o INSTALL now makes an object for the online help so that it can be
   viewed without starting FM/2 (using SEEHELP.EXE, included).
 o Added Filter "Always show directories" toggle.
 o Ideal size button supports a psuedo-restore operation, allowing
   toggling between two sizes (mine and yours).
 o Other stuff I forget.

2.20:
 o Fixed stupid bug that made FM/2 freak out on restart if you turned the
   toolbar off and left it off (duh).
 o Move-drag onto archives allowed now (if you have the archiver for that
   archive type configured to allow moving files, of course).
 o Fixed bug in longname<->shortname conversion (FAT<->HPFS).
 o Found a nasty way to get Warp's printer objects to recognize FM/2's
   D&D.
 o Extract dialog can be told to remember its settings (extract directory,
   masks, "with directories") distinctly from those set in Archive
   Containers.
 o Added a few pictures to the online help for extreme novices.
 o Added new "Compare Select" submenu with commands that can make
   selections based on comparing unfiltered files in all open Directory
   Containers.  Powerful stuff.
 o Added "Hide objects" command (selective individual object filtering).
 o Fixed bug -- drag to toolbar quit working when toolbar code rewritten.
 o Slight modification to ARCHIVER.BB2 -- -1 for filename position means
   to use the last "field" of an archive listing for the filename.
 o FM/2 is compiled with optimization turned off now -- caught it
   generating bad code in the new Compare Select module and don't trust
   it (again).

2.19:
 o Added "Ideal size" System Menu command and titlebar button -- an
   alternative to maximizing.
 o More work on help file hypertext links using suggestions from a
   registered user.  Added a labelled bitmap showing the layout of FM/2
   windows.
 o Worked around weird bugs in Sizes and deleting toolbar buttons that
   shouldn't be bugs but nonetheless cause problems on some machines.
 o Added some one-line help fields to some dialogs to guide the user
   along.
 o Added the "Close" checkbox to the Edit Associations dialog, to allow
   executing an association to shut down FM/2 (or a VDir window, mainly
   for use by folks using FM/2 to replace the Drives objects).
 o Added "Start Minimized" and "Start Maximized" buttons to the Windows
   page of the Settings notebook.  FM/2 starts normal size then adjusts
   (that lets it size all its windows right first, and gives you something
   to return to from the maximized state).

2.18:
 o Added ability to use the undocumented DosQProcStat API in the Process
   Killer.  While this will enable the Process Killer to work without an
   English version of PSTAT.EXE being present, DosQProcStat is an API
   subject to change by IBM, so beware.
 o Added FATOPT.EXE program to optimize FAT drives.  THIS IS A BETA
   PROGRAM AND USES LOW-LEVEL DRIVE ACCESS -- BACK UP BEFORE USING!
 o Tweaked the online help, adding more hypertext links and detail.

2.17:
 o Optimized for speed:  Quick trees, tree sizes.
 o Dug the names of the new color palettes out of Warp's INI files.
   Under 2.x both color palette commands (one new) load the same object.
   Under Warp they load the two different palette objects available.
 o Added swapfile/memory watch when Drive Tree is active window in FM/2.
 o Added HPFSOPT.EXE program to optimize HPFS drives.

2.16:
 o Added "Update objects" command.
 o Added "Optimize" command.  Be sure to read the online help on this
   one (under "Context Menus").
 o Added toolbar changing buttons (buttons that automatically load a
   new toolbox into the toolbar).  See comments in online help under
   "Toolbar->Add Tool."
 o Hmmm...Warp has broken the DM_DROPHELP message within an application
   -- the passed DRAGINFO structure is inaccessible (apparently already
   deallocated).  An appropriate error message will be displayed, and
   the code's still there so that when IBM fixes it it'll automagically
   start working again.

2.15:
 o Added "Collect list in file(s)" command.
 o Added "Collect from a list file" command.
 o Added "Select List" command.
 o System VIO fonts have been renamed, jumping between "System" and
   "System VIO", a couple of times now.  To top it off, when the name
   changes, the sizes do, too (i.e. 7.System == 5.System VIO, more or
   less).  Warp is now GA and uses "System VIO" again, so I've changed
   it back to that.  If some fonts don't look right on your 2.11 system,
   I'm sorry, but I'm trying to hit a moving target.  Don't shoot me,
   I'm just the piano player.
 o Did some other stuff, but forgot to write it down and have now
   forgotten what it was.  Old age is hell.

2.14:
 o FM/2 will now detect that a CD-ROM drive which didn't have a disk in
   it or had a music disk in it when FM/2 was started is a CD-ROM drive
   when accessed later with a data disk in it, and change the icon
   accordingly.  This also applies to hard drives that were locked when
   FM/2 started, by happy coincidence, and should work on other
   removable media drives.
 o Hints given in error popup for some access errors (for example, when
   clicking on an empty diskette drive).
 o Install.cmd will not change the parameters field of objects that it
   creates if the File Manager/2 folder already existed.  It will still
   update the paths.
 o VTree honors drive exclusions like it should have in the first place.
 o VTree will delete a directory if the Shredder refuses for some reason.
 o Added VTree->WPS folder toggle.
 o Shortened VTree tasklist title for registered users.
 o FM/2 will attempt to fit smaller files onto diskettes when a larger
   file in the list to be moved/copied won't fit before prompting you to
   change diskettes due to a disk full condition.
 o Help for toolbar buttons shows up when mouse passes over them --
   figured out how to implement without excessive message passing (IOW,
   to my satisfaction).

2.13:
 o Added ability to set type of selection used in some containers (in
   the Settings Notebook on the "Windows" page).
 o Selecting "Settings Notebook" in the FM3.EXE monolithic app, even
   from container context menus, will always bring up a full settings
   notebook.
 o Slightly reduced memory usage for HPFS drives (ah, another reason
   to use HPFS...).
 o Fixed bug in SetIcon.
 o Did some more work on FM2PLAY.EXE to make it more eye-appealing and
   maybe a bit more functional.
 o Shortened tasklist title for registered users.

2.12:
 o AV/2 will now ignore an association if it contains the string
   "AV2.EXE" in the command line (meaning it might call itself).
 o Fixed "Lowercase name" bug.
 o Worked over the context menus again, added a couple more
   accelerator keys.
 o Hooked Help button in Child Window dialog to some help.

2.11:
 o Fixed odd bug in second status line in Directory Containers.
 o Fixed rename buglet that caused rename from menu/button to
   give funny default drive.
 o Added drag and drop to INI Viewer to allow moving and copying
   data between different INI files.
 o Added FM2PLAY.EXE to allow playing multimedia files (via MMPM/2)
   from FM/2 easily.  Usage:  FM2PLAY.EXE <file> [<file> <file...>].
   There's a menu item for it.
 o Added "associat.txt" containing recommended associations for use
   with FM/2.  Please send your ideas for this list.
 o Enhanced the Bookshelf Viewer.

2.10:
 o Added Undo buttons to Settings notebook pages.
 o Fixed bug wherein Save state of dir windows toggle was ignored.
 o Put in some comma formatting to prevent an untimely death.
 o Fixed bug wherein Doubleclick Opens toggle was ignored.
 o Added a couple more Settings pages.
 o Made appropriate Settings pages available to standalone modules.
 o Tweaked a few menus for a more consistent appearance.

2.09:
 o Changed things so the little notification box doesn't steal the
   focus when it comes up.  Duh.
 o Added "Backup Profile", "Change System Profiles" and "Replace System
   Profiles" to the INI viewer.
 o Fixed some glitches in new mask "must have" attribute processing.
 o Found and fixed bug in Collector's Seek & Scan that could cause FM/2
   to trap.
 o Added a Settings notebook containing global toggles and such.
   Slower than the menus, but Ron Hester asked for it, and I allus do
   what Ron says...
 o Return of the weirding ... but that'd be telling.
 o Added optional split status line.

2.08:
 o Added "must have" attributes to Filter.
 o Fixed Undelete dialog so selecting a new drive from the combobox
   causes the listbox to be refreshed for that drive, and so a missing
   DELETE environment variable for the selected drive doesn't cause the
   dialog to abort unless you select Cancel in the information box (so
   you can pick a different drive).
 o Added limited optional logging for some simple but critical
   operations (copy, move, rename, delete).
 o Documented "start minimized" command line argument.
 o Added "don't save/restore state of dir windows this time" command
   line argument.

2.07:
 o Added "View Bookshelf" and "View Helpfiles" utilities.
 o Fixed bug in Quick Tree added while fixing the last one...
 o VTree now saves its size and position on desktop (Ron Gawer wanted
   that).  VDir doesn't, as you can have several of them open at once
   and it would be somewhat irritating to have them all on top of each
   other.

2.06:
 o In the Collector's Seek-and-scan dialog, the All HDs button now skips
   removable drives (like CD-ROMs) for convenience.
 o Quick tree works around the OS/2 DosFindFirst bug that prevents FAT
   root drives from being found.
 o Added "separator" attribute for tool buttons -- causes a small amount
   of space to be added after the button with the attribute, for
   appearance (grouping of buttons).
 o Added ability to turn on titles below bitmap buttons in toolbar (it'll
   have to be short and sweet) and grouped all toolbar toggles under a
   Toolbar conditional cascade submenu.

[lazy bum skipped a few...]

2.00:
 o A whole new look for FM/2 -- the same thing, only more so.  Some
   things were enhanced, some dropped, some replaced or superceded.
   Still, if you used 1.x you should feel at home.

$Id$
